acct-group/guixbuild 0: Builder group for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-group/nixbld 0: Builder group for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/guixbuilder1 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder10 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder11 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder12 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder13 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder14 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder15 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder16 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder17 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder18 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder19 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder2 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder20 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder21 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder22 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder23 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder24 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder25 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder26 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder27 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder28 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder29 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder3 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder30 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder31 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder32 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder33 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder34 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder35 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder36 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder37 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder38 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder39 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder4 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder40 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder41 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder42 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder43 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder44 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder45 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder46 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder47 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder48 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder49 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder5 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder50 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder51 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder52 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder53 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder54 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder55 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder56 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder57 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder58 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder59 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder6 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder60 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder61 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder62 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder63 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder64 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder7 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder8 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/guixbuilder9 0: Builder user for guix-daemon from sys-apps/guix
acct-user/nixbld1 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld10 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld11 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld12 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld13 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld14 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld15 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld16 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld17 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld18 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld19 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld2 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld20 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld21 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld22 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld23 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld24 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld25 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld26 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld27 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld28 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld29 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld3 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld30 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld31 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld32 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld33 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld34 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld35 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld36 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld37 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld38 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld39 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld4 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld40 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld41 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld42 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld43 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld44 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld45 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld46 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld47 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld48 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld49 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld5 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld50 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld51 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld52 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld53 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld54 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld55 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld56 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld57 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld58 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld59 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld6 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld60 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld61 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld62 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld63 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld64 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld7 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld8 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
acct-user/nixbld9 0: Builder user for nix-daemon from sys-apps/nix
app-text/lowdown-nix 1.0.0-r1: Markdown translator producing HTML5, roff documents in the ms and man formats
dev-libs/aws-sdk-cpp 1.8.160-r3: AWS SDK for C++
dev-libs/libcpuid 0.5.1-r1: CPU identification library for the x86
dev-scheme/guile-lib 0.2.7-r1: collection of various modules
dev-scheme/guile-lzlib 0.0.2: zilb module for Guile
dev-scheme/guile-ssh 0.15.1: SSH module for Guile
dev-scheme/guile-zlib 0.0.1 0.1.0: zilb module for Guile
dev-scheme/guile-zstd 0.1.1: zstd module for Guile
sys-apps/busybox-nix-sandbox-shell 1.35.0: static busybox for sys-apps/nix sandbox needs
sys-apps/guix 1.3.0-r5 9999: GNU package manager (nix sibling)
sys-apps/nix 2.9.2-r1 2.10.0: A purely functional package manager
